You are listening to the
Increase in Exercise Mind
Talk audio.
In a moment the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now there's
nothing at all
that you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back and let go.
And really enjoy those peaceful
feelings and all the benefits
that come with it.
I'd like you now
to make yourself
as comfortable as
possible and listen
to the sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
But you know that
they're not important,
they don't matter at all
and you can dismiss them out
of your awareness, and
focus your mind entirely
on what I'm saying.
This is your time and
you make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs as much as
you can and let it out slowly.
And again taking a
long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
Now you can allow your
breathing to return to normal.
Gentle breaths in and out.
Returning to your normal
gentle breathing pace.
And I'd like you now
to imagine yourself
outside in your favorite
place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful
tropical beach
or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't
matter where you
are as long as it feels good to
you and it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear.
And it's a warm summer's day.
As a breeze gently blowing
over you and the temperature
is just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face.
Just relaxing those
muscles around the eyes,
around the nose and
mouth, and your brow.
And as you do this, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten out
as they relax and you
let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day, you
move the light from the sun
into the throat area.
Feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat,
relaxing all the muscles, just
letting go completely now.
And the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your
shoulders making them
feel lose and limp
and comfortable.
As your show to sink into
the frame of your body
and you feel so comfortable now.
So relax to neckpiece and do you
let nothing bother or concern
you at all.
And you direct the light from
the sun down your right arm,
from the shoulders to
the tips of your fingers.
And right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the knives and bones,
and muscles of that right arm.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You move the sun
over to your left arm
and guide the light from the
sun down and up your left arm.
From the top of your
shoulders all the way down
to the tips of your fingers.
You can feel the left arm
relaxing, becoming comfortably
heavy and totally relax.
Now move that warm light
across and into the chest area,
and relax the chest
all the muscles there.
Now down to the stomach,
relax in your tummy
and down into your hips and your
thighs over to your right leg.
A light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
Now move the light from the
sun down your right leg,
up and down from the top of the
hips to the tips of your toes.
As the right leg
relaxes and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful
day, you now move the light
into your left leg.
You move it up and
down the left leg.
From the top of the hips to
the tips of your toes and
your left leg relaxes.
Releasing tension,
letting go now completely.
Your whole body is now totally
and completely relaxed.
From the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you now to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now,
deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed but still
completely alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly
relaxed but you
stay focused on these words.
So now I'd like you to
use your imagination
and once again, you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and gentle breeze
in the air making you feel
pleasantly relaxed and calm.
All around you can
see trees and plants,
and an array of the
most beautiful flowers
you have ever seen.
So colorful and
vibrant, and you can
smell the rich aroma
of these flowers
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right
now, you feel completely
at ease and so calm.
And in the distance, you
can hear the sound of water
flowing slowly and gently.
The sound of water is helping
you to go more and more deeply
relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
are loosening more and more,
relaxing with a beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity you decide to
follow the sound of the water
and you feel excited about
where it's leading you.
Knowing deep within
yourself you're
going into a very special place.
A place where you're
going to create
some positive, wonderful,
long lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees,
you feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen.
And you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is
filled with a variety
of colors, rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens.
And it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take.
Feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out.
Just letting go deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently.
Flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance and
you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start walking
over the bridge counting
the steps in your mind ten,
nine, deeper and deeper still.
Eight, seven all the way
down to relaxation now.
Six, five, and four drifting
off peacefully and easily.
Three, two all the way down
deeply relaxed and one.
You see a comfortable padded
chair when you take a seat.
Ready to embrace the changes
to come in your deep state
of relaxation now.
You know that working
out is important
because you know how
exercise is good for you.
But for some reason, it
seems as though a part of you
doesn't want to workout.
Maybe you can't really
see yourself as motivated
or maybe you're waiting for the
right time to start exercising.
Exercising regularly
may seem challenging,
but imagine how you
would feel if you
had the drive and
the determination
to exercise consistently.
Hypnotherapy is your
key to opening the door
to your subconscious and
to changing your thinking
patterns.
Fueling your passion and drive
to exercise, and desire to make
exercise a part of your life.
All you have to do to
stop making those changes
is sit back, close your
eyes and get comfortable.
Focus inwards and let your
mind accept the new thinking
patterns of drive
and motivation.
You realize that in order
to increase your stamina
you will need to be in the
right frame of mind, which
is why it's so important to
you that your mental outlook is
much improved.
You also know that the food
you eat is so important,
so your body is
filled for exercise.
You begin eating small and
frequent healthy nutritious
meals.
And you eat slowly
and deliberately
allowing your body to digest
and enjoy each mouthful.
And when you've had enough to
eat, you simply stop eating.
And it's as easy
as simple as that
when you've got your
mindset and the right state.
You also fill your mind with
positive thoughts and feelings,
removing as much negativity
from your life as you can.
And from now on try
and surround yourself
with things that inspire
you and make you feel good.
That make you feel like you
want to get up and move.
You start to enjoy the
feeling in your body
as you create more movement
even if it's fast walking.
Now is the time to reignite
and rediscover your love
and passion for exercise.
Imagine now that you are
in a beautiful garden
and you may notice
how there are trees
and how colorful they are.
Beautiful, colorful flowers
and how the skies are clear.
Take a look down at the grass
and see how beautiful and lush
it looks.
You take a lie down on
the soft cushioned grass.
You feel the warm air
move down your body
from the top of your head
to the tips of your toes.
And really take in the power
of that relaxation now.
You realize that when you
exercise you feel good,
you are energized, and you
feel a rush of endorphins.
You feel strong
and full of energy.
Exercise will make you
not only feel great
but it will help you
to look even better.
Your body will start
to change and you're
excited about those changes.
You know that you feel
stronger on the inside
and your body reflects that
too with strength and tone
and muscle.
And you're excited to
get that feeling back
and you enjoy that rush and
glow after a workout session.
Being fit and healthy
makes you feel great
and you're excited to push
yourself to meet your goals.
You're excited to start
exercising as much as possible
within your time restrictions.
And from now on you make
sure that you find that time.
You find the time to
put yourself first,
to put your health first, you
know that it makes you healthy.
And you're now motivated to
reach your full potential.
You remember the importance
and warm up exercises
before pushing your
body to extreme,
and you always adhere to this.
If you haven't
exercised for a while,
you make sure that you build
up your routine gradually.
Adding more time and more energy
at subsequent workout sessions.
And you realize that
this is the only way
to succeed while taking care
of your body and your mind.
And if at times you find
it hard to keep going,
you recognize how worthwhile
this is going to be
and you're not afraid
to push yourself
just a little bit further.
Always a little bit
further stopping
when it's time to stop.
But pushing if you
feel it's right
and if you have it within you.
You are a capable strong
person, capable of exercising
regularly.
You're motivated to be organized
enough to make the time
to complete a workout regime.
You see yourself now waking
up or at a time of day
that's suitable for you.
And visualize yourself
now getting change
into your workout clothes.
You feel excited about
the session you're
about to embrace and complete.
You see yourself during
your exercise session
and you're proud of
what you're achieving,
working towards your goals.
Giving yourself more
energy, more endorphins,
and that feeling of
achievement that you love.
See yourself now in
your workout session,
the changes in your body,
that feeling afterwards,
the pride, the fulfillment,
the glow, the endorphins.
You're excited to
do that once again.
start a routine,
whether it's three times
a week or even more.
From now on you make
sure you find time
to put yourself first.
Project that into an image,
project the feelings of pride,
the wonderful sense of
accomplishment, attainment,
and achievement.
You recognize that you have
achieved this by yourself
with your own determination.
You're excited thinking
about your workout
and you can't wait
to get going with it.
Whether you exercise on
your own or with friends,
you know that you're becoming
more and more healthy.
Giving yourself more energy,
changing your body shape,
and meeting those goals.
You no longer want to sit,
to be stagnant, to feel lazy.
From now on you're driven
by movement, strengthening
of your muscles, your body
and your overall fitness
and health.
These are now within
your top priorities.
You're passionate about
making the most of your time
and you want to use it to
the best of your ability.
And you know how
exercise makes you happy
and you keep doing it.
You make sure that you always
find a way to exercise,
whether you're at home or away.
Whether there's a gym
or just a simple room
you know that there's
a way to exercise.
And from now on you make no
excuses for that motivation
and determination
is too strong now.
You know that you
can use your own body
weight to do some
fantastic exercises
with some significant results.
And maybe you start to mix
up what type of exercise
you're doing, you
start to vary it.
So you focus on sports or
whatever that suits you.
Whether it's yoga, or weights,
or running, or going to the gym
you find something that
suits you and your body.
Once you find that form of
exercise that you enjoy,
you stick with it.
And then you mix it up, you
vary it, find something else.
You know that those
muscles in your body
need to be shocked into a
different form of exercise.
So you vary your exercise
and those muscles
are strengthened in all
kinds of different ways.
And you enjoy the
feeling of being
able to do these different
exercises and the pride
that you get after
your workout session.
You determined now to
turn your life around
and to start looking
after yourself.
Treating your body with a
love and respect it deserves.
You surround yourself with
as many positive people
as you can.
People who inspire
you and want you
to be the best that you can be.
And maybe you find
yourself drawn
to uplifting music, music that
inspires you and pushes you.
Have a think now about
what aspects of your life
you may want to
work on and change.
Whether it's the people
you surround yourself with,
the food you feel
in your body with,
the music you're listening
to, the time of day
you wake up, your goals,
your mental outlook.
These are all things
you can change
and you're ready to
make that change now.
And each area that you
identify that needs to change
brings you a wonderful
feeling of quiet anticipation.
And these feelings help you
to feel even more comfortable,
even more relaxed
and happier than you
have felt in a long, long time.
From this moment onwards your
determination and motivation
to increase your stamina
grows stronger and stronger.
Stronger by the day, stronger
by the hour, and stronger
by the minute.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind
and will get more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic.
Bringing back with you all of
the wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now.
So one, two, three,
four, and five,
eyes open when you're ready.